the character of the forest changes as a
missionary becoming ever darker and
damper favoring different kinds of
animals and plants less than 2% of the
sunlight reaches the floor but even here
there is extraordinary variety in the
great island of New Guinea there are 42
different species of birds-of-paradise
each more bizarre than the month
[Music]
this forest is so rich that nourishing
food can be gathered very quickly that
leaves the male six-plumed
bird-of-paradise with time to
concentrate on other matters like
tidying up his display area everything
must be and span very impressive
but no one is watching the superb
bird-of-paradise cause to attract the
female and he has more luck but what
does he have to do to really impress her
[Music]
she retires to consider her verdict it's
hard not to feel deflated when even your
best isn't good enough
[Music]